[FEATURE] (lexical-graph): Auto-tuning batch extraction (#469)
awslabs/graphrag-toolkit: docs-site/src/content/docs/lexical-graph/configuring-batch-extraction.mdx

Controls whether input and output JSON files are automatically deleted from the local filesystem after successful batch job completion. By default, this is set to `True`. Note that this setting does not affect files stored in S3, which are preserved regardless.

#### Auto-tuning

> ##### `auto_tune`

Reviewer: consider a more explicit name: for example `auto_tune_batch_size`

Reviewer: we are happy with `auto_tune`?

> When set to `True`, enables [auto-tuning batch extraction](#auto-tuning-batch-extraction). Instead of pulling a fixed number of source documents per iteration, the framework streams and chunks documents incrementally, filling `GraphRAGConfig.extraction_num_workers` buckets up to `max_batch_size` chunks each before submitting a round of batch jobs. For small inputs it consolidates chunks into the fewest jobs needed. With auto-tuning enabled you only need to specify `extraction_num_workers` and `max_batch_size`; `extraction_batch_size` becomes a derived value (if you set it explicitly, it acts as an optional upper bound on the number of documents consumed per round). The default is `False`.

Reviewer: please mention how this coordinates with parallelization - if at all.  

I believe this works on a per-thread basis

### Optimizing batch extraction performance

The most important settings for controlling batch extraction performance are:

>   - `GraphRAGConfig.extraction_batch_size`: Sets how many source documents go to the extraction pipeline. When calculating this value, consider that the total number of chunks (source documents × average chunks per document) should be sufficient to fill your planned simultaneous batch jobs. If you enable [auto-tuning](#auto-tuning-batch-extraction), you no longer need to calculate this value — the framework derives it for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `GraphRAGConfig.extraction_batch_size`: (ignored if `auto_tune` is true) Sets how many source documents go to the extraction pipeline. When calculating this value, consider that the total number of chunks (source documents × average chunks per document) should be sufficient to fill your planned simultaneous batch jobs. If you enable [auto-tuning](#auto-tuning-batch-extraction), this value is determined dynamically.
```
